Question 1 / 2 (LaserMaze)

You are standing in a rectangular room and are about to fire a laser toward the east wall. Inside the room a
certain number of prisms have been placed. They will alter the direction of the laser beam if it hits them. There
are north-facing, east-facing, west-facing, and south-facing prisms. If the laser beam strikes an east-facing
prism, its course will be altered to be East, regardless of what direction it had been going in before. If it hits a
south-facing prism, its course will be altered to be South, and so on. You want to know how far the laser will
travel before it hits a wall.

INPUT
Your program must read the room description from standard input. The room is represented as a character
array. Each line of input from STDIN represents a row of the array. The width and height of the array are the width
and height of the room. The characters inside the array denote the placement of the prisms and the laser's
starting position.

The number of rows and columns in the array will not be explicitly specified in the input, so your program will
have to keep reading from STDIN until there are no more lines to read and determine the total number of rows
and columns based on the input. However, the number of lines of input will be at most 50. Each line will contain
the same number of characters.
The resulting character array will contain exactly one '@' character, representing the laser's position in the room,
and any number of characters from the set {"^", "V", "<", ">", "-"}. The first four of these represent prisms that are
guaranteed to direct the laser in the direction in which they are pointing. The "^" character directs the laser north,
"<" directs it to the west, and so on. The "-" character represents empty space.

OUTPUT
Your program should print to standard out a single string, terminated by a newline, representing the distance that
the laser will travel before hitting a wall. For example, if the laser travels a distance of 14 cells before hitting a
wall, then your program should print the string "14" to STDOUT. Your program should treat the "@'"symbol the
same as the "-" character, that is, as empty space. So the laser will pass through the original location from which
it was fired.

If the laser will get caught in an infinite loop, then your program should print "-1" to STDOUT.


What We Are Looking For:
Whichever language you code in, please use best coding practices. We are looking for clear, concise, welldocumented,
modular code that reflects good design, object-oriented principles, and an understanding of
appropriate data structures. It is not enough to write code that is merely correct, or even code that is merely terse
and correct. We want to see code that is as beautiful as you can make it according to your personal coding
aesthetic.